---
title: Midterm Self Assessment
route: midterm-self-assessment
description: MIDTERM!!!
---

# Midterm Self Assessment

Answer the following questions in detail, this will be part of your summative assessment grade. Be honest and specific, nothing you say will lower your grade, only the quality of your responses and the effort you put into them will affect your summative mark. (Do not use bad language or slang(?)

---

1. What are the four stages of the design cycle?

- Inquiring and Analyzing
- Developing Ideas
- Creating The Colution
- Evaluating

---

2. Describe a moment (in detail) from this term where you incorporated each design cycle step into your learning. (Use specific vocabulary from the design cycle.)

- Basically, the first time I met the concept perspective, I had to learn and analyze what it was since I did not know what perspectives were back then. Especially, the use of analyzing was used mostly when I started to design a cube because making a cube required me to understand and use them. To be able to use and emphasize the effect it, I had to analyze, based on being inquired.
- While searching the arts from the three websites, I made a standard to identify what perspective is in what picture. The biggest reason I should do this is that I had to watch an art briefly for a short period and identify what that is. Then, if it was appropriate to what assignment the teachers gave me, I quickly copied it into the note and answered the requirements. In the process of identifying the arts, I had to develop ideas from the arts, and connect to what I needed from what I saw.
- When I put the information about what I have done into the website, it was so stuffy to put them easily because I have been developing the website individually, not depending on the other platform. So, for example, when I made the website, I considered what framework would suit the whole website. Then, as a result of imagining diverse ways and creating solutions, I picked the Next.js framework because it basically allows me to build a static website, which is a pretty good and suitable feature for the website.
- When I drew the perspective practice pictures and returned them to Mr. Gun, I needed to evaluate whether or not this drawing included the specific perspective. In the process of checking it, I had to evaluate them based on the standards. For example, for drawing a one-point perspective, I should check if there is a horizon and a point on it and a lot of lines that lie on the point.

---

3. Post a screenshot of one day from your website you were particularly proud of.

---

4. What is one question about this course's subjects you still have?

I know you did not choose, but in your opinion, what is the reason why we should learn about perspective, even though this course is a design class?

---

5. At what moments in the class have you felt most engaged with what was happening?

The one moment I focused on something was when I drew the perspective pictures based on the photos I had taken. I absolutely can have engaged with what I was doing in the class. The biggest reason why I could was that I kept identifying if it was what perspective I was supposed to draw, which was also the purpose of that activity.

---

6. At what moments in the class have you felt most distanced from what was happening?

The most distanced experience from this class was making a design a cube. Basically, I could not understand how I could use perspective in a cube since I thought there were so many different ways to use them and that the teacher could assess.

---

7. What have you seen, heard, or experienced in the class that you found most affirming and helpful?

What I have done most affirming and helpful in the class was to take photos because by taking photos, I have been able to understand how to make perspectives, find them and use them. Actually, after that activity, I was surprised about his idea since it was surprisingly helpful to me. The hardest perspective to take a photo of throughout this activity was the 3-point perspective since this was the first time we had seen 3-point perspective images or pictures. However, after it, I realized how to find and apply them to my thoughts. A typical example is the third cube design in the sheet.

---

8. What have you seen, heard, or experienced in the class that you found most puzzling or confusing?

---

9. What about the class have you found the most surprising or provocative? (This could be something about your own reactions to what went on, something that someone did, or anything else that occurs to you.)

Most of all, Mr. Gunn has been doing amazing. I have felt something different from Mr. Gunn to the other teachers; knowing how students can approach what they should be able to do and how to make it like that. The moment that we could notify you to learn how to teach was when you assigned something to us. Your assignments are heading to the MYP design cycle, which is the purpose of our course, and it requires me to think, interpret what we have got and generate from what I have been thinking and feeling to texts and do uniquely. The whole system is amazing, and I want to praise it.

---

In order to maximize learning in this class, the teach should…

- Start thinking about different, unique project to assign us
- Stop... nothing
- Continue letting students approach to what they should be able to do

---

In order to maximize learning in this class, students should…

- Start Making ideas and being creative
- Stop TALKING IN KOREAN! (I WILL NEVER TALK IN KOREAN! NEVER!)
- Continue Trying their best
